hi Albert here with mainland cycle
Center today I want to show you a 2015
Kawasaki zx-10r ABS model and this is in
the matte black gorgeous bike just
really really good-looking machine in
this matte black just love the way this
bike looks very sinister looking just a
touch of the Kawasaki green on it we've
got the green rim stripe the green
anodized little collar around the
adjustment on the fork there and then
the fork caps here or green anodized
just looks gorgeous and the green shocks
spring on the back and again got the
green stripe on the rear well rear wheel
as well as they are there it's green but
just a very stunning looking machine in
this matte black with these little
touches of green zx-10r it's a thousand
CC inline-four solder super sport this
is the real deal aluminum chassis
fuel-injected ram air so this opening in
the front is ram air air is forced into
there comes through this tunnel into the
air box and into the motor of course
these are fuel-injected this bike has
traction control traction control limits
rear wheel spin so if you lose traction
in the back it's going to kill power
until tractions regains and it does that
very very quickly that traction control
has three different modes you can mode 1
2 3 so like a rain mode a standard mode
a race mode that will actually allow
some slip before it kills the power and
then of course you can turn it off this
a bike also has abs so it says kids ki
PS Kawasaki intelligent brake system
that sticker tells you it as abs as well
as these ABS lines running here along
the frame also tell you a bike is ABS if
you're not sure and you're looking at
one but four piston tokiko calipers
regularly mounted four Pistons
just to crowd there's really no negative
to abs abs is a good thing and people
are really realizing that we're getting
a lot more people that actually want ABS
some adjustability on the zx10 you can
move the foot peg brackets down about 10
millimeters or so so you can move down
there in the out position now let's see
what else good wind protection this has
an electronic steering jammer from Owens
and so the steering captain of limits
like you get a high speed wobble this
would keep that from getting out of
control hopefully and this is
electronically controlled so at higher
speed this is going to be tighter than
it is at lower speed you're going to
need more dampening at high speed great
looking display this bikes not serviced
I won't be able to turn on but it has a
really nice LED tach across the top a GP
Grand Prix style tachometer like you see
on those bikes digital readout for speed
of course it gives you gear position
clock trip meter all that good stuff
here's your controls it has two power
modes a full power mid power and low
power and then your traction control you
can do that and of course you'd be able
to see that up on the screen
blue modems swingarm let's take a look
at this side of the bike
but the bichri looks head I guess this
Pike is really kind of a combination of
this matte black and kind of this black
or gray color and so it's just a little
bit of contrast in some places on the
bike but it's almost like two two shades
of black it really gives a bike little
character really looks nice
great looking touches like the little
ninja logo embossed on the rear seat
this bike is if you'd like to the track
days the turn signals are built in the
mirror so you undo these two screws pull
this out there's a plug right here and
so the mirrors will come off very easily
for doing the track day as well the tail
section it's really easy to take off for
doing a track day
all right that's a pretty good look at
this 2015 Kawasaki zx-10r ABS we are
mainly on cycle Steiner we're located in
Lamarck Texas for about 30 minutes south
of downtown Houston just off the i-45
you can find us online at main land
cycle center comm by phone at four oh
nine nine four eight four nine six nine
and we would just love it if you'd give
us a call shoot us an e-mail or even
better come by and see us in person here
at mango cycle center but we would love
to help any way that we can ok thanks
for watching